In the last video we spoke about why the any type is a very bad thing to have inside of application
right now coordinates is of type any and it's only the case because JSON parse returns a value of type
any and that's because TypeScript just can't predict what JSON Parse is going to return.
So to fix this up, one way we could fix it is to add in a type annotation for coordinates.
So we need to add in a type annotation for an object.
We already saw an example of that right back up here when we defined the object literal of point.
So to add in a type annotation for an object right after the variable name, we're put in that colon
and then the overall structure of that object.
So for us, we're going to add in coordinates right here.
I'll put in a colon then instead of curly braces.
And inside there I'm going to say this thing is going to have a property called X that is a number and
it's going to have a property Y that is a number as well.
So now we've given enough information to TypeScript that it can figure out what type of value coordinates
is by now.
Mouse over it.
I see the type annotation on here and now if I try to reference a coordinates.
Blah blah blah.
I'll very quickly see an error message that tells me that is not a property on that object.
Okay.
So that's pretty much it.
This is one of the three cases where we are going to add in type annotations any time we call a function
that returns type any.
Now, JSON parse is just one of the functions in JavaScript that returns type any.
There are several others as well.
So we'll kind of see some of those different functions over time.
And in fact we might eventually have to write our own functions that return type any as well.
All right.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video.
We'll move on to the next example or the next case where we are going to add in a type annotation willingly.
So quick pause and I'll see you in just a minute.